this puzzle is called triangle lock it's
available in the six piece set of bamboo
puzzles at the puzzle master website it
is to set two types of pieces one kind
is this equilateral triangle there are
eight of those and then there are the
twelve pins that hold them together this
puzzle goes together pretty easy but it
has to be done in a specific way put two
pieces together the triangles in this V
shape if they go in flat just flip one
of them and they'll make the V for you
you want to put a second together just
like the first in the V shape and then
put those two V shapes together they go
together because the pins as you can see
are parallel and then the holes are
parallel if you try to put them in
together in singles
they just won't fit and you'll be
jamming the pieces together trying to
get them all to fit so this is the first
half then we'll do the same thing for
the other half two pieces make a V two
more pieces make a V and then the four
pieces together wiggle and push
so now we have two halves and we'll put
them all together for pins notice again
that the pins are parallel so we'll push
the two halves together line up the pins
one at a time if you try to push them
all together at once you'll Jam them and
they won't fit and you'll want to keep
your pieces as parallel to each other as
you can you don't want to push one all
the way on because then this one can't
get on so you have to push evenly and
gently until all four pieces are in and
then give them a wiggle and a push and a
wiggle in a push and they will go
together give them a little squeeze and
a roll and a squeeze and a roll until
they're all connected triangle lock
you